so today I really want to talk about you
know a couple ideas that the sales and
the marketing can work together but
let's talk about it we are very very
different right mocking it they share
the love the sales people I am the love
so you keep your friends close now let's
keep the sales people closer how do we
do that how do we keep them close
if you actually create content you know
you have a bias persona right you
obviously create content for a specific
segment or specific individual right
what about what about you create sales
persona to demonstrate if you understand
them or not write it down like a therapy
write it down how you understand them if
they close to court ah 40% of the time
trust me there is a time for you to
provide value I'm saying using the
information that you know to help you
and determine how you can help them
better you need to understand the sales
stages as the way you understand it for
longest time I supported a sales team
especially the first several years I
shuffle down my marketing content do
their to their throats here's the
contents I created you should use them
they were like what and I say what but
what if I understand their sales stages
let's assume this is a sale stages they
contact the prospect right they
qualified them once they qualifies it
uh-huh
this is the right customers we need to
talk to hopefully through back and forth
back and forth you get to a stage that
you can do a demo right and that they
like the demo very much you going back
and forth back and forth and back and
forth things that okay that's actually
have a conversation negotiation about
our proposal and the closer to deal
let's assume you identify some of the
key sale stages right here when I
talking about sales stages you don't
have to write it down every single baby
steps they have to take focus on
high-level can we identify some content
pieces just hop five to ten that align
with each stage one in my workshop I
always get people templates but I always
encourage my attendees my students
modify it all of you know a lot you do
don't just say oh I'm a Content marketer
you know more than content I know now
you need to make sure you bring down the
table make sure your sales people know
make sure your senior managers know show
them